yes, it was five years
very good when I was here and I wanted to
to leave was for venturing less to
grow as a person with a football player and
I think I did it I think I did things
important I think that also
there were negative things that made me
grow
just try to enjoy the
adventure long ago and now I'm
happy to return here to return to
team where I was 10 years and good
trying
I think I put my two cents
so that things go well for the
town it's easy to say that you want to go out
of the descent that you want to have a team
more stable but but good are the
circumstances that we have like this is
our town we want it
I think they have been a matter of details
because everyone has wanted the
town grow up be so alone I think they are
details not
there's a very good base there was a very good base and
it's just that things are
they must work hard to make things
give yourselves to our side, look at me
I think people identify a lot
with me because it's good I'm poblano I think
who loved the team that was
before but that also happened not the
people know that now there is that every day
put your name on high by the name
of the people in high and good that 's what
Now it's up to me
I think people are very fond of
people there is a lot of choice that wants the
team is simply to have a series of
good results for people
come back and people want a lot of this
team then it's a matter of having
good results for people
come back we have to save we go
save doing things right I think that
that we all want that goal
and we work for it
I say I've been elsewhere and
I've had a lot of criticism for how much
I love the people and now I'm here
Well, I have to give my life to
that those words have strength
I just think that the goal is that
not save us but that's short term
I assure you that the teacher who
chargoy have they have
have for short medium and long term
simply the one of right now the goal to
short term then it is the main thing
but this town is going to grow it's going to go
up and well let's hope that the
people enjoy it